## Google Ads

#### Q1. Which ad component has three fields that allow 30 characters each?

- [ ] the headline
- [ ] the description
- [ ] the website URL
- [ ] the call-to-action

#### Q2. When reviewing the **Recommendations** page, you identify a suggestion that you want to use. What is the most practical way to implement the suggestion?

- [ ] Copy the optimization, visit the ad group, and past the optimization.
- [ ] Follow the step-by-step instructions.
- [ ] Visit the ad group, click the **Optimization** drop-down, and select **Apply All**.
- [ ] Click **Apply** on the recommendation.

#### Q3. Griff has noticed that his best-performing keywords has started to see an increased CPC, despite no changes on his part. What is the most likely reason for this?

- [ ] ad Quality Score increase
- [ ] reduction of landing page inbound links
- [ ] reduction in daily budget
- [ ] increased competition

#### Q4. You are running a campaign that will consist of 15 ads. What is the minimum number of ad groups that you can have as part of the campaign?

- [ ] 1
- [ ] 5
- [ ] 3
- [ ] 15

#### Q5. Braxton has his maximum bid set to $5. His competitor bids $3.95. How much will Braxton pay upon winning the auction?

- [ ] $3.96
- [ ] $3.95
- [ ] $4
- [ ] $5

#### Q6. Maurice creates an ad headline that reads "Buy **{Keyword:hats}** Today". Which headline could `not` be displayed to a user for this ad?

- [ ] Buy Caps Today
- [ ] Buy Helmets Today
- [ ] Buy Fedoras Today
- [ ] Buy Hats

#### Q7. Which choice is `not` an option when configuring `ad` extensions?

- [ ] product extensions
- [ ] sitelink extensions
- [ ] message extensions
- [ ] callout extensions

#### Q8. Which choice is a best practice when designing a landing page for an ad campaign?

- [ ] having lots of inbound links
- [ ] using JavaScript
- [ ] relevant content matching the ad
- [ ] enrolling in Ad Central

#### Q9. Which choice has no impact on Quality Score?

- [ ] ad relevance
- [ ] expected clickthrough rate
- [ ] landing page experience
- [ ] max CPC bid

#### Q10. Marcelina wants to know how many sales her Google Ads brought in. What should she set up?

- [ ] target CPA bidding
- [ ] conversion tracking
- [ ] custom deep links
- [ ] custom display URLs

#### Q11. Kellan creates an ad headline that reads "Buy **{Keyword:Shoes}** Today". What is this an example ad?

- [ ] automatic headline replacement
- [ ] keyword insertion
- [ ] dynamic bidding
- [ ] auto replacement

#### Q12. Which factor does Google Ads consider when determining whether a remarketing list qualifies for a similar audiences list?

- [ ] the number of visitors on the list
- [ ] the amount of revenue generated by the list
- [ ] the average bid targeting the list
- [ ] the average monthly spend targeting the list

#### Q13. An auction has a normal bid of $.50 but there is an active bid adjustment of -20%. What is the final bid amount?

- [ ] $0.40
- [ ] $0.60
- [ ] $0.04
- [ ] $0.06

#### Q14. Raisa starting running a new ad campaign a month ago. Without making any changes, she noticed that her CPC has gone down significantly in the last week. What could have caused this?

- [ ] a decrease in ad Quality Score
- [ ] an increase in daily budget
- [ ] changes in competitor campaigns
- [ ] an increase of landing page inbound links

#### Q15. Which ad rotation setting uses machine learning to prioritize ads based upon expected performance?

- [ ] Rotate evenly
- [ ] Optimize
- [ ] Manual rotation
- [ ] Rotate indefinitely
